# Face Generator (Using a GAN)
As part of Udacity's Deep Learning Nanodegree, I was tasked with creating a generative adversarial network (GAN) that trained on celebrities' faces to generate new faces.


## Description of Project
In this project, a Jupyter notebook was given to me with tasks to complete. To finish this project, I had to show my ability to pre-process data (embedding and tokenizing words to be used by a neural network, batching and converting the data into data loaders), building a neural network, and training the model on a GPU. The file dlnd_face_generation.ipynb includes the work done by me, and problem_unittests.py is a unit test file created by Udacity that contains tests that are untouched by me.

## Tasks and Learning Opportunities
There are a few sections of the project.
### Pre-processing Data
This project required me to:
* explore the data
    * transform the input images to dataloaders
    * create a function that scales the range of the image pixel values 

### Building the Neural Network
Using PyTorch, I created a GAN from scratch. A GAN consists of two separate neural networks, a Discriminator and a Generator, that "compete" against each other to optimize itself.

* Discriminator
    * This neural network consists of convolutional neural networks to read and interpret the image.
    * The final layer is a classifier, a fully connected linear layer that outputs whether it thinks the input image is real (1) or if it thinks it's a "fake" image created by the Generator (0). 

* Generator
    * This neural network generates faces by taking in a "noisy" input and outputs a picture. The generator works similarly as the reverse of the discriminator.
    * The initial layer for this network is a linear layer that takes in a one-dimensional noisy image and outputs a tensor of size equal to the input of the discriminator's classification layer.
    * The rest of the layers are convolutional layers that create and expand the image to a desired size.

### Forward and Backpropagation
A function for forward and backpropagation was created to use during training.

This included training the discriminator by feeding it real images, then fake images, with the proper labels. Next, the generator is trained by giving a loss function equal to the "real" image loss function, allowing it to train towards creating real looking images. This is repeated over and over, and is what is meant by "competing" neural networks.


## Face Generator
To see the faces generated by this GAN, see the bottom of the dlnd_face_generation.ipynb file.

## Usage
To see the results, open the file dlnd_face_generation.ipynb, a jupyter notebook that has been run and saved.